=Commandline Parameters=
==PimpBot Compiler==
*/help -?*
<br>shows program version and a list of available commandline switches

*/defaults*
<br>allows the customization of default settings, saved in _%APPDATA%\PimpBot\defaults.ini_

*/loaddir -ld*
<br>load files from a directory; directory must follow sensible defaults
<br>e.g. _/loaddir="C:\My Directory"_

*/loadfile -lf*
<br>load a .pimp file, can be combined with the _/passive_ command
<br>e.g. _/loadfile="C:\path\to\myfile.pimp"_

*/noexe -nx*
<br>PimpBot skips making an installer, but creates a .pimp file
<br>e.g. _/noexe=1_

*/nomui -nm*
<br>will use the default NSIS UI instead of Modern UI, does not support settings page or wizard image
<br>e.g. _/nomui=1_

*/nopimp -np*
<br>PimpBot creates an installer, but skips the _.pimp_ file
<br>e.g. _/pimp=1_

*/outdir -od*
<br>override the default output directory, requires a valid directory
<br>e.g. _/output="C:\My Directory"_

*/outfile -of*
<br>override the default output filename, requires a valid directory
<br>e.g. _/output="I like this Name"_

*/passive -pv*
<br>used with the _/loadfile_ command, this will compile an installer silently
<br>e.g. _/loadfile="C:\path\to\myfile.pimp" /passive=1_

==Installer==
*/help -?*
<br>shows a list of available commandline switches

*/debug -db*
<br>displays extra information during installation

*/details*
<br>forces an installer to verbose mode to review its actions

*/lang*
<br>allows the selection of an installer language (multilingual installers only)

*/nocheck*
<br>disables the validation of the Winamp directory, useful for third-party players (e.g. _foobar2000_)

*/nosplash*
<br>disables splash screen

*/unzip*
<br>extracts the contents of the installer to the current directory 

*/D*
<br>overrides target directory
<br>e.g. _/D=C:\Program Files\Winamp_

*/S*
<br>runs the installer silenty; case-sensitive switch

=DropFolder=

When sticking to a certain workflow, you can build an installer by simply dragging a folder with all your files on top of the PimpBot icon. We called this feature _DropFolder_.

To use _DropFolder_, you must stick to certain sensible defaults. This affects the structure of the data for the installer and naming conventions.

*/Name of my Pack*
<br>Topmost folder, directory name will be used for installer name. 

Everything following is inside of _/Name of my Pack_!

*/avs*
<br>contains your presets, can be named_avs_, _milk_ or _sps_

*/fonts*
contains all required fonts, can be TrueType or OpenType

*/etc*
<br> contains your images, videos, colormaps, models etc.

*license.txt*
<br>your license text, can be plaintext (_.txt_) or rich text (_.rtf_)

*/ui*
<br>contains your interface resources, as listed below

*checks.bmp*
<br>the bitmap for your installer checkboxes

*icon.icon*
<br>the icon used for your installer

*splash.bmp*
<br>image for your splash screen. file-name can be three-digit hexadecimal for alpha channel
<br>e.g. _#f0f.bmp_ (magenta == transparent)

*splash.wav*
<br>wave sound for your splash screen. file-name can numerical for display lenght.
<br>e.g. _4000.wav_ (displays 4000 milliseconds or 4 seconds)

*wizard.bmp*
the image for your finish page