Hidden not-so-deep in your PimpBot install folder are a couple of scripts that might turn out to be useful for you. To use any of these, you need to compile them into binaries. As the installation of [NSIS] is mandatory with any version of PimpBot, you should be set to go. All it takes is a right click on one of the scripts and choose "_Compile NSIS script_" from your context-menu.

Let take a look at these scripts:

*converter.nsi*<br>
Over the years, there were several changes to the structure of a _.pimp_ file. This script will convert them to the latest standard. You might not need this, as PimpBot 4 converts outdated files by default.

*migrator.nsi*<br>
This script hasn't much to do with PimpBot, but it allows you to migrate your [Winamp] installation to a multi-user environment. You migrate plugins, skins and/or your settings.

*multitool.nsi*<br>
If you need to update all your installers, this is probably the tool you're looking for. It allows the creation of executables from multiple _.pimp_ files. You can compile installers using [CommandlineParameters].

Besides the graphical intervace, you can also use PimpBot Multitool in textmode. Create a standard textfile, put the full path to a _.pimp_ file in each line and drop it on the executable.

*resourcegrab.nsi*<br>
You want to rebuild an old installer, but don't have the sourcefiles anymore? Drop the installer on the ResourceGrab to extract icons, checkboxes and splash files. Requires [http://www.angusj.com/resourcehacker/ ResHacker] in the same directory, the parent directory or your _PimpBot\bin_ folder.

*settings.nsi*<br>
Basically the same as a settings page in your installer as a standalone application.

*zipntag.nsi*<br>
Allows compressing multiple files and adding a text-file ("tag") to it. This function is also included in _MultiTool_.